Okay, so one of the most important questions that you might be having is should
I learn
to code or should I just hire your developer to build the app for me?
Now this has been asked over and over because people have to say distribution
is everything
and where I do like kind of strongly agree with that.
I still fundamentally believe that being technical yourself is one of the
highest leverage things
you can do to be successful in this space.
And you know, Zach, Blake and I all proof that we kind of stick to that.
Like we all built our products ourselves.
And I think for the same kind of reason, like you can't outsource greatness.
Products have to be good to be successful, especially long term.
Okay, short, short term, you can make some money, but long term is important to
get the
product right.
And to kind of be a little bit of a perfectionist, I will say.
Developers also extremely expensive.
Even the cheapest bond with the Barrow like Brazilian devs are around like 6K a
month
and they take super long to build products and they don't even know what they
're doing
half the time.
Like you usually pay for quality and unless you have like 10, 15K a month to
hire a solid
CTO and a product guy, I'd usually just recommend learning yourself.
And like I can give my viewpoint on how sorry, I can give my perspective on how
I learn.
I watched this tutorial around two, three years ago on rebuilding Twitter from
scratch.
It's linked right here.
It's about seven hours long and it seems like a long time.
But if I learned all of my coding skills and I built quitter from scratch from
this tutorial
and our quitter is doing half a million a month, it's like trading seven hours
of focus
and of your time in your life for the opportunity to build a super successful
app.
I think that's an amazing exchange of time to wealth ever.
Also like if you do decide to hire out understanding fundamentals saves money
and time, but I
generally wouldn't recommend this for most people.
Even if your first cop laps suck, it's important to be able to code yourself.
I would also say like I feel like a lot of people watching this tutorial
probably don't
have cash, which is one of the reasons I built a lunch code myself.
So yeah, that's my take.